so those of you who've been following my
blog know that I've been moving away
from optical systems and trying to look
at other forms of other methods of
detecting inputs for a multi-modal and
multi-touch hardware so two days ago
three days ago really I bought myself an
Arduino board and created this matrix
that you see here is pretty simple just
two three by two matrix bi-directional
LEDs I'm trying to replicate pawns led
input detection method so I've got my
leds connected to my arduino down here
just using this plastic so to shield it
don't cause any short circuits etc so
this little metal plate at the bottom
okay so basically I wrote a book program
in processing and
first of all I wrote my arduino program
in the arduino itself and then i wrote a
pro in processing i just wrote it up to
show the inputs and what how they behave
when an input is detected so as we can
see when we go over an input it turns to
blue that so its detection I've got a
threshold level that I've set to detect
it we can go over multiple
inputs to detect the
and cover the entire thing
so
effect as an experiment this works
really effectively but in terms of being
utilized for an actual input detection
method for any project I would say this
is far from complete first of all right
now I'm interfacing this directly to an
Arduino ideally if you wanted to make
this large in a larger scale you'd have
to have a secondary connects to the
secondary board which connects to an
Arduino where your LEDs are on your
secondary board itself so you have like
an the LED is connected to a 2d which is
connected to an Arduino using serial
peripheral interface or something like
that but for an experiment it works
pretty effectively I found that like all
methods input section methods this thing
is really sensitive to lighting
conditions oddly enough this thing works
really well in daylight but artificial
lighting methods such as light bulbs and
fluorescent lights this is horrendous in
that it just doesn't work I've had to
really tinker around with it together to
work as effectively as it's working at
the moment as you can see it's not as
fast as I would like it to be but it
will for an experiment works pretty well
alright i'll upload the plans for this
on my blog freezing alright